Added UI Library article (#3648)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/UI Library/index.md

---
versionFrom: 9.1.0
---

> # UI Library
> 
> The UI Library is a set of web components that can be used to build Umbraco User Interface. The UI Library separates the user interface from Umbraco’s business logic and creates a unified user experience, with coherent styling and naming, across all the Umbraco platforms and projects including the one's developed by you.
> 
> With the UI Library, you get a collection of visual building blocks that consists of pieces to build any UI in Umbraco. Each component is a building block updating its display according to the data passed to it.
> 
> ## UI Library Storybook
> 
> [Storybook](https://uui.umbraco.com/?path=/story/uui-avatar-group--aaa-overview&_ga=2.165515577.727907355.1637240820-415968107.1637240820) is an application that gathers all the components together, holds their documentation, and showcases different use case scenarios. You can explore all the components through stories reflecting their use cases.
> 
> Each story has interactive controls that allows you to change the state of the component in real-time. Every publicly available property is editable in Storybook, so you can test out various configurations and use-cases.
> 
> You can also change the stylesheet of custom properties, to see how the component will look like. Every story has a code example that you can copy and paste into your project, making it easy to implement the components in your own packages and extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# UI Library

The UI Library is a set of web components that can be used to build Umbraco User Interface. The UI Library separates the user interface from Umbraco’s business logic and creates a unified user experience, with coherent styling and naming, across all the Umbraco platforms and projects including the ones developed by you.

With the UI Library, you get a collection of visual building blocks that consists of pieces to build any UI in Umbraco. Each component is a building block updating its display according to the data passed to it.

## UI Library Storybook

[Storybook](https://uui.umbraco.com/?path=/story/uui-avatar-group--aaa-overview&_ga=2.165515577.727907355.1637240820-415968107.1637240820) is an application that gathers all the components together, holds their documentation, and showcases different use case scenarios. You can explore all the components through stories reflecting their use cases.

Each story has interactive controls that allow you to change the state of the component in real-time. Every publicly available property is editable in Storybook, so you can test out various configurations and use-cases.

You can also change the stylesheet of custom properties, to see how the component will look like. Every story has a code example that you can copy and paste into your project, making it easy to implement the components in your own packages and extensions.
```
